{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Journal 23 - Life, Work 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 March 24, 2019 \'97 Sunday
\fs24 \
\

\f2\i\fs28 This has been the same title I used twice in a row. Perhaps I\'92m lost on whether I should pursue a career in industry or academia. I don\'92t have a research position or internship for the summer and have attained mediocre grades. I\'92m working on the 3rd floor of the UC and have been listening to a playlist of sad music. Why am I listening to sad music? Sometimes I reflect on why I torture myself or bring myself down by means of taking cold showers, rising up early in the morning or grinding out work for consecutive hours. I feel that there\'92s a want of hard work in my life, so I push myself to do more. When I encounter setbacks, I often experience an inevitable urge to punish myself. \
\

\fs24 The above was a preface for this 23rd journal. I took a brief moment to think about how I should format this journal. I tend to immerse myself too much into writing and get lost in my wandering thoughts and mix of emotions, so I put those thoughts prior to the main themes and events I wanted to write about. 
\f1\i0\fs28 \
\
I began the day by heading out to the buggy course and pushing the atlas buggy to help Oshadha retrieve a path for reference to construct waypoints for self-steering. I followed  }